[2/3] OSDOCS#16925: Apply CQA for etcd (Backup and restore) (#116890)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/manually-restoring-cluster-etcd-backup.adoc

[id="manually-restoring-cluster-etcd-backup_{context}"]
= Restoring a cluster manually from an etcd backup

[role="_abstract"]

> Manually restore your cluster from an etcd backup by starting a three-member etcd cluster on existing control plane nodes, without recreating nodes as required by the standard restore procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manually restore your cluster from an etcd backup by starting a three-member etcd cluster on existing control plane nodes, without re-creating nodes as required by the standard restore procedure.
```
